today we welcomed our inaugurated the
opening of our model suites at the
residences of Mandarin Oriental las
vegas we've furnished two apartments a
two-bedroom apartment in a one-bedroom
apartment here at the the residences and
we're very excited to finally have the
built product to show customers
prospective buyers and owners as we
enter the bedroom from the living room
we come in from Vegas's craziness into a
nice respite and then we come and go
into our own bathroom which has what I
want to call the bathing experience up
until now we we had our residential
sales pavilion on Las Vegas Boulevard
andrew de monte-carlo we had the virtual
reality experience and now I have the
real experience and of course the real
experience is always better because the
consumer gets to interact and then they
tell us what they like about it what we
need to do too is to cater to them udine
overlooking vegas it's a fabulous place
to dine and you're connected to your
kitchen the residence is a mandarin
oriental there's 227 condominiums in
total there's a split between what we
call our luxury collection which will be
typical residences and they range in
size from a thousand square feet to
about 2,800 2,900 square feet and price
from a thousand less are a million
dollars for me to 2.9 million dollars
the penthouses which sit above the
luxury collection they range in size
from 2200 square feet to just under
4,000 square feet and they range in
price from about 3.6 2.7 million
unfinished so grey shell to about 7
million dollars finished here we have a
rock backsplash and we have wonderful
kitchen cabinets that are so easy to
lift and then they literally close by
themselves we have 25 closings through
today originally we had 205 residences
under contract 205 of the 22
seven so we have about 180 we have a
little work to go let's put it that way
you